The Barclays app
How to make an international payment
To make an international payment, tap
'Pay & Transfer' at the bottom of your screen.
Next select 'International payment'.
Now choose the account you
want to make the payment from.
Enter the amount you
want to send in pounds.
Select the currency
you want to make the payment in
and the exchange rate with the converted
amount will appear here.
Tap 'Continue'.
Now enter the recipient's details
and select the country they're based in.
Next, add their International Bank
Account Number, or IBAN.
Then tap 'Continue'.
Here, you can check your payment summary.
Here, you'll see if a fee is chargeable.
International payments made through the
app are free from Barclays charges.
However, some countries allow the bank
receiving the payment to charge a fee.
The sender must pay the fee
if it's sent by our app.
Add a reference for your statement here
and for the recipient here.
Tap 'Review payment'.
Now, for security, you'll need to enter
the last three digits
on the back of your bank card
and your card expiry date.
Then tap 'Confirm'.
And your payment will be submitted.